beauty talks people who talk here with
You are the max and the next guys are
here with another 10 cm video of this
Sometimes people I'll bring to you.
very cool news about guns and
exotic equipment of dt kim
in fact the band had announced that
today churn would bring these new features
there in the instagram of the band that is very
funny posting there
instagram as if it were chuck himself
I would have written the link to the
the band instagram here in the description of the
video for you but let's go the guns
that he has shown up to now and if he
bring new weapons
I'm going to make a video for you too.
they also showed two pieces of
armor so far and I'll do
a video showing and detailing these
armor also beauty but then let's go
there the first weapon is to leave proncon
which is an exotic shot gun a shotgun
exotic has already been shown some
excerpts from gameplay using this
Shotgun is a very nice shotgun.
at least it looks pretty cool
and look at the guys she'll shoot a
single high-caliber shot which is a
great difference from other
shotguns but we know that shot
gun's extensive shooting characteristic
spread and several fragments which ends
greatly limiting the range of the weapon
probably the chaperone will have a
higher range and firing system
it's going to be a little different what's going to be
cool guys who else also
this weapon will guarantee a small bonus
of agility should be more or less like
ice break people team she wins one
bit of agility and death from
precision will give a brief moment of
stability cadence range and handling
so I'm already seeing that this is going to
be one of the weapons I'll want with
Certainty in dt king has already entered my
favorite list
I'm definitely going after this gun.
and the other weapon presented by the
show was the tele what is the spindle of
exotic fusion that will also have a
differential the projects of this weapon to
This weapon's ammunition will
enemies and then detonate in a
waco explosion but will have a
small delay between the ammunition sticking
enemy and then it explodes in the
very short law should change
past maybe a second until - that
then it explodes and also in the low
multiple with this weapon left orbs
light for your allies
so people are two new weapons
exotic species that were presented by
barbecue the people the rain I think
that's funny
when you get there on instagram and
suddenly install a post from chun
showing the equipment to us more
it was these two weapons that showed me
I'll bring the video soon.
showing the equipment the armors
beauty people and it is a trekking that already
it's coming people are going to put their hands on
So, these people, it's okay.
hope she's getting there then it 's
Thank you so much, thank you very much for you
have watched, do not forget to
subscribe to the channel leave your
comment your fan and until the next
thanks
was very good